Updated docs to mention new property to disable git repository creati… (#2179)
pivotal/docs-tap: tap-gui/plugins/application-accelerator-git-repo-1.5.hbs.md

> # Creating an Application Accelerator Git repository during project creation

Reviewer: As discussed - this change should occur on the original file. No need for the 1.5.0 version of the file.

Author: Removed in latest commit

## <a id="configuration"></a> Configure

The following steps describe an example configuration that uses GitHub:

1. Create an **OAuth App** in GitHub based on the configuration
   described in this [Backstage documentation](https://backstage.io/docs/auth/github/provider).
   GitHub Apps are not supported. For more information about creating an OAuth App in GitHub, see
   the [GitHub documentation](https://docs.github.com/en/developers/apps/building-oauth-apps/creating-an-oauth-app).

   These values appear in your `app-config.yaml` or `app-config.local.yaml` for local development.
   For example:

   ```yaml
   auth:
     environment: development
     providers:
       github:
         development:
           clientId: GITHUB-CLIENT-ID
           clientSecret: GITHUB-CLIENT-SECRET
   ```

2. Add a GitHub integration in your `app-config.yaml` configuration. For example:

   ```yaml
   app_config:
     integrations:
       github:
         - host: github.com
   ```

   For more information, see the
   [Backstage documentation](https://backstage.io/docs/integrations/github/locations).

### <a id="deactiv-git-repo-creation"></a> (Optional) Deactivate Git repository creation

> From Tanzu Application Platform v1.5, the git repository creation can be disabled by setting the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Starting in Tanzu Application Platform v1.5.0, the git repository creation feature can be disabled by setting the
```

Author: Done in latest commit

property `customize.features.accelerators.gitRepoCreation` to `false` in

> `tap-values.yaml`, this will also disable the git repository creation in the Application Accelerator extension for VS Code.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`tap-values.yaml`. This will also disable the git repository creation in the Application Accelerator extension for VS Code.
```

Author: Done in latest commit

> An example to disable the feature would be as:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
See the example configuration below to disable git repository creation:
```

Author: Done
